CP-XII State Round Ubuntu 16 README

Please read the entire README thoroughly before modifying anything on this computer.
Unique Identifier

If you have not yet entered a valid Unique Identifier, please do so immediately by double clicking on the "CyberPatriot Set Unique Identifier" icon on the desktop. If you do not enter a valid Unique Identifier this VM may stop functioning after a short period of time.
Forensics Questions

If there are "Forensics Questions" on your Desktop, you will receive points for answering these questions correctly. Valid (scored) "Forensics Questions" will only be located directly on your Desktop. Please read all "Forensics Questions" thoroughly before modifying this computer, as you may change something that prevents you from answering the question correctly.
Competition Scenario

This company's security policies require that all user accounts be password protected. Employees are required to choose secure passwords, however this policy may not be currently enforced on this computer. The presence of any non-work related media files and "hacking tools" on any computers is strictly prohibited. This company currently does not use any centralized maintenance or polling tools to manage their IT equipment. This computer is for official business use only by authorized users. Your job is to secure this computer, within the guidelines of the scenario, while ensuring the availability of authorized business critical software and services.
Ubuntu 16.04

It is company policy to use only Ubuntu 16.04 on this computer. It is also company policy to use only the latest, official, stable Ubuntu 16.04 packages available for required software and services on this computer. Management has decided that the default web browser for all users on this computer should be the latest stable version of Firefox. Company policy is to never let users log in as root. If administrators need to run commands as root, they are required to use the "sudo" command.

All authorized users should be able to login via ssh using only public key authentication. Please install OpenSSH server and configure it to only allow public key authentication.

All authorized users should be able to log in to this FTP server. Authorized users should only be able to access approved software and documentation in the current default root directory. Do not delete any approved software or documentation in the current default root directory. The only FTP service that has been approved for use on this computer is Pro FTP daemon. Please ensure this FTP server is configured securely.

Critical Services:

    OpenSSH
    Pro FTP

Authorized Administrators and Users

Authorized Administrators:
vberge (you)
	password: C3rT!f!3d_DIv3r
jcahill	
	password: $cub@D!ving
jcousteau	
	password: aquaman
pdiole	
	password: s3a_expL0rAt!on
fdumas	
	password: Sp3ArF!$hing

Authorized Users:
egagnan
ggentile
bgilliam
drutkowski
espence
rstenuit
ttesei
agabr
jchatterton

Competition Guidelines

    In order to provide a better competition experience, you are NOT required to change the password of the primary, auto-login, user account. Changing the password of a user that is set to automatically log in may lock you out of your computer.
    Authorized administrator passwords were correct the last time you did a password audit, but are not guaranteed to be currently accurate.
    Do not stop or disable the CCS Client service or process.
    Do not remove any authorized users or their home directories.
    The time zone of this image is set to UTC. Please do not change the time zone, date, or time on this image.
    You can view your current scoring report by double-clicking the "CyberPatriot Scoring Report" desktop icon.
    JavaScript is required for some error messages that appear on the "CyberPatriot Scoring Report." To ensure that you only receive correct error messages, please do not disable JavaScript.
    Some security settings may prevent the Stop Scoring application from running. If this happens, the safest way to stop scoring is to suspend the virtual machine. You should NOT power on the VM again before deleting.

The CyberPatriot Competition System is the property of the Air Force Association and the University of Texas at San Antonio.

All rights reserved. 